**bWN214B\_SnowflakeIntelligence\_V1.mp4**

**Speaker 1** \[00:00:03\] All right, everyone, feel free to keep funneling all in for those who are coming in. We have a ton of content to cover here in the next 45 minutes, so we're just gonna jump right into it. Hopefully, you're in the right spot. This is What's New Snowflake Intelligence and No Code Agentic AI. If you didn't mean to come to this session, you should stay here anyway. It's gonna be a lot of fun. Now, before we jump into it, I do have to, and you've seen this a bunch of times, I do wanna talk some about roadmap, some of what we're working on towards the future, so just know. You know, hey, as much as I want us to get to all these things, it's possible we won't. Please don't sue me. All right. So jumping right into it, thank you all so much for taking the time. I know there's a ton of interesting and exciting sessions happening at Summit right now. I'm Jeff Holland. I'm a director of product here at Snowflake. I've been at Snow Flake for a little over three years now and more recently have shifted to help head out the agentic AI and cortex applications workloads inside of Snowflakes. So obviously, at the core of that are some of the things with Snowflake Intelligence that if you're able to join the keynote earlier this morning, you might have had the chance to see. My hope here is while there will be some aspects, especially for folks who might be watching the recording to this presentation, you might have seen glimpses of this already in the keynote. But this gives us a chance to go much deeper into it and even hear from real customers and partners of how they've been using agentic AI. So I think this is going to be really valuable. All right, so jumping into it, if I step back and think of at least how Snowflake is approaching some of the agentic AI application, something that you'll hear us talk a lot about is about unlocking insights, and especially thinking about all the different ways that it can be challenging in an organization to surface insights. In no particular order, data can be spread everywhere. It's in various different applications, and pulling it all together and getting in one spot can be a real big. A hard challenge to overcome when trying to surface those insights. Actually finding the insights, I mean, as much as BI has been at the forefront and there's a lot of good from BI, I don't know about all of you, but when I'm spending a lot of time digging through BI dashboards, it just feels very outdated right now because I began so accustomed with things like Chachibi-T to just get answers whenever I have a question and not have to dig through it myself. So, how do you make it so that you don't have to do all of this manual effort to help understand those insights? Now, what many Snowflake customers would attest to as well is as much as there's cool, flashy AI demos all over the place, in order to make something that you trust putting in the hands of your business users, you have to make sure that you have governance under control. And you'll hear me talk a lot over the next half hour or so around governance and trust, and truthfully, the multiple different dimensions that we think about to make sure that only the right people are getting access to the right data, that the data itself is never leaving your Snowflake account, and that you as administrators or creators or managers of these agents can understand and trust what's happening behind the scenes. So this is what we've been seeking to come out with, and I mentioned a big theme of this is around insights. And this is where Snowflake, in our journey within AI, is quite differentiated. I mean, previously, if you wanted to get information, search has been around now for a number of decades, right? I get a wall of blue links. It's up to me as the user to click through all those blue links unless I'm feeling a little bit lucky. More recently, you see a lot of agentic capabilities that will surface what I categorize as knowledge. This is, hey, I'm gonna go ask a question to this co-pilot or this agent experience. It's gonna go look through my documents for me and it's gonna give me the answer in the form of an answer. I think there's this extra dimension as well, which is really around insights. It's how do you bring in all the business context, all the whys that are happening behind the what's, and delivering those insights directly. This is where Snowflake Intelligence and some of our generative BI investments are focused on. Now one thing before we jump into the tech, which is not surprising, and I would imagine we have representation across this entire room. From many different industries. When I've been working, probably over the last three months, I've honestly probably had conversations with 150 different organizations and customers, potentially even some of you here in the room. It's so great to see you. It really spans across every industry, though. Whether you're in marketing or finance or healthcare, life sciences, or manufacturing, the capability to surface and unlock those business insights and take action on those insights is very, very real. In fact, you might have seen, We had a. A bit of a video earlier today with some customers talking about how the power, when they're able to surface these insights directly. Okay, now what makes this so hard? Why does every organization not have a Gentic AI already connected and processing all of their data and making these answers readily available to everyone in the organization? Well, there's a lot of things that teams have to go build to get this up and running. The first is the actual interface, the application. Now, there's a lot of great options out here. I know I have built probably a thousand different stream lit apps that are all little chat widgets. I'm sure some of you here have built stream lit apps. Very possible to do, but it's work. I have to go understand, you know, okay, well, now my team wants an upload file feature in my chat application. Now they want to be able to search the web. How do I build that interface? That just takes effort to do. I mentioned before governance and access controls. Maybe I have the interface, how do I make sure that if Jeff comes to the Streamit app, or whatever app that I'm using, that I am only surfacing the data for him? You need to pull together data across your organization as well, which takes a bunch of work. And then finally, to power it all, the big brain behind all of these agents, you need frontier models. You need these really robust, state-of-the-art models, along with... Really robust orchestration and reasoning frameworks. So all of these things can take a tremendous amount of time and energy for any organization looking to use a Gentic AI to unlock more data insights. And so our hope here with Snowflake Intelligence is here's something that can be ready to run off the shelf, out of the box for you. So here is an application that comes with a pre-built UI, hopefully a very beautiful UI. The design team spent a lot of time building this beautiful UI, It's already integrated with Snowflake governance and access controls so that you can ensure that users who you've given access to go browse to Snowflakes intelligence are only going to see data that they're their user actually has permission to view and it's powered behind the scenes by the snowflake cortex platform that means you get those industry leading models such as Anthropics Claude or Azure open AI powering the agentic experience behind the scene. To me, it's always much easier to see something in action than to hear about it. Again, I know you've already seen a little bit of Snowflake Intelligence, so I have a slightly different spin. I'll try to highlight some things that I wasn't able to highlight this morning for those of you who might have seen, but again, for folks recording, just know that we showed this a little earlier today. So if we switch the screen to my demo device quickly here, I'll just do a quick little exploration here of SnowFlake Intelligence. And then I want to spend the next half hour going deeper into how this works and how teams can get started building this type of thing. So I mentioned before, the actual experience, you can navigate it to either directly from the Snowflake portal, like Snow Site, if you're a user who already has access through Snow Site. Or you can go to ai.snowflake.com. We wanted to make sure we had a standalone experience because many organizations are like, hey, I would love to have people in my organization have access to agents to have these conversations. I don't want them going to the query history or opening worksheets or workspaces or you name it. That's totally fine. You can choose to have certain users only be able to access through the standalone ai.snowflake.com. But once I'm here, I'm able to have a collection or a catalog of any agent that I as a team configure. I'll show you here in a few minutes how you actually build these agents using no code. But this gives me a library of different agents that I can choose between. Now, each one of these agents is configured with different data sources. And it's up to me to decide which data sources I make available to this agent. I mentioned the access controls are controlled through Snowflake, but in this case, I actually wanna do a product agent. So this is an agent that knows different things about a product that we might be launching. You can see here I've connected some Slack data. I've connect to the USA Today network through the marketplace. I've got some Snowflake data here. So I can get started now in Snowflak Intelligence and just start having a conversation with this agent. So in my case, I wanna know, hey, we just launched a new product. It's called the Aura Sound X. Help me understand what's happening in the last two weeks of our sales compared to the forecast. And I want it to be broken down by region. So there's a lot of things that are hidden inside of this question. This might require looking at two different tables. Maybe I have a forecast table and I have a current sales table. Maybe it has to do a join against region data as well. I, as a user, might not appreciate how advanced this is, but you'll see, as I've been talking, my agent is thinking through all of the different tools that it has access to, understanding the data behind the scenes, and it's coming up with a plan of how to answer this. So in this case... Like, it's evaluated this, it wrote this query, it looks like it didn't have to do a join based on my data set. The data wasn't necessarily pretty, like I'm called AuraCellsDNorm2, but we'll get to how the AI was able to pull this off. And then it was like, okay, I have the answer. I know how cells are doing compared to forecasts. I can see east region, north region, central region, and it even, through AI, suggested that like, hey, we should render this as a chart so I can visually see all my regions. I seem to be selling right around forecast except for the west region. Something's going on here in the West region. Now I could continue to explore this, like maybe I want to explore the table view. I could even download this as a CSV if I wanted to, copy the chart, go and explore the chart or customize it a bit more. There's a bunch of stuff that we've put into this UI for you. But the part that, again, I talked about this some this morning, but I really love about Snowflake Intelligence. To me, where the magic happens, even as we've been using Snowflak Intelligence internally, Hey, it's super helpful you gave me this chart. I didn't have to go find the dashboard or create the right filters for this chart on my own. But what I really want to know is why. Why is the West falling below forecasted sales? Is there anything else that you can tell me that would help me as the user know what's going on in my business? And this is to me where I get so excited to see where some of our leading AI research and these frontier models can do. Because these agents are incredibly really good. Like seriously blows my mind. Even in the last two weeks. We released a new update based on some research we'd done internally at looking at a question like, why is West Ender performing? And going and breaking down a plan to go figure it out. Like even in the things here, you say, hey, let me go look at other regions to figure out what's different in the West than other regions. Like one of these things is not like the other. So it's doing that exploration on its own. It's checking out other regions and comparing those pieces. It's looking at the first query that I did, it's looking inventory levels, it's look at marketing engagement scores, it's doing a core tech search over Slack conversations. It says, hey, I looked at your Slack data, there's actually some clues in some Slack conversations that might help me understand more of what's going on in the West region. The agent's doing all of this automatically for me. Now I can see it, I've been following along in the thinking. But it means that in a few seconds later, I can see, okay, look, here's what I found out. Your marketing engagement in the West is much lower. Your inventory levels, you've got some challenges here. It looks like based on some Slack conversations, some people are talking about some specific tastes of people in the west region. So all of these things just get surfaced to me out of the box that I can start to play with. Okay, if we switch back to the slides now, so hopefully you get a sense, there's more that we could continue to do for the sake of time I'm gonna keep moving along. Including things like having my agent take an action, like go send an email or something else. But what I really wanna spend some time on as you see the power of this at the end is what does it take to get there? And what are all the pieces behind the scenes that have been built to make experiences like this possible? So let's start first by this definition of an agent. Agent is the word of 2024\. You've all likely heard a lot about an agent, when I think about an ancient, it's taking these industry leading models, these LLMs that are really, really good at getting an input and giving you back a very intelligent output, but layering on a few critical pieces to it. One of those things is the ability for the agent to plan. You saw that in action. Take a complex question and break it down into multiple steps to be able to actually accomplish that step. Bringing that on top of the model itself the ability to track details and break down the plan into workflow tool Use is a really important piece here. So my agent doesn't just have access to one data set. It's not just slack data It's just product data. It is not just marketing data. It's the ability send an email It's all of those things and being able to tell the agent here's all the things that you can do Go break down a plan and figure out how to do it and another great capability that agents later on is the ability for reflection The agent knows who it is, it knows what it can do. I could go back over to Snowflake Intelligence and I could say, what are the types of questions that you could help me with? And the agent's able to reflect on its data set and come back and be like, oh, I can tell you questions about sales data for your new product launch or whatever else. Now when it comes to the enterprise, I mentioned there's so many different agent platforms. To me, the most important thing to get insights at the end of the day is you need to provide the right context. I tell people this all the time. I love ChatGBT. I'm a big fan of ChatGBt. I use it every single day. I'm big sports fan. I'm always asking it various questions about sports or sports trivia, and it's awesome at giving me answers. But I don't use ChatGB in my day-to-day life as a product manager at Snowflake. Now, of course, part of that is because I'm working with sensitive data that I can't go paste into ChatGB without getting in some serious trouble. But more importantly, the questions that I care about require context about Snowflak. I want to know, what are the AI features that Snowflake users have been using the most in the last week? Who are the newest customers who have started using this feature? What are the trends that are happening in support cases? If I go put any of those questions into ChatGBT, it's going to have no idea. Worst case, it is going to hallucinate and make something up. Because what ChatGBt is missing is the context for my organization. So in order for us to light agents up for the enterprise, you need to have your business context. And that context is all in data. So when I think of why Snowflake for AI, this to me is the number one answer. If the context for your organization is data, and the way to get valuable insights is have that context, what we're focusing on from a platform is providing you the most accurate and most easy to use ways to retrieve the right data for the right person at the right time. So this is a huge, huge effort for us, because again, we know the things that you all care about. This has to be accurate. I do not want to have a business user ask a question, only realize that it was wrong, and then never want to use this agent that I built ever again. You need to have trust and security. I also don't want a business to ask a questions about bonuses that you gave to my peer, and then the agent tells you how much you just gave my peer in a bonus, which was data that I should not have had access to, which includes governing access in managing all that access as well. So how do we actually make this work? And there's a few different avenues that we do it on. So the first is around structured data. Think about all the data that lives in tables and formulas and views in your Snowflake account. So the platform capability that makes this work is Cortex Analyst. This is an industry-leading text-to-SQL capability that can provide context on your structured data, this is incredibly unique to Snowflak. And I say that it's not the only one in the world. From a benchmark standpoint, it is the best. And you can even go to industry benchmarks like Birdbench, and you'll see Snowflake is number one. But most other agent platforms focus exclusively on document type of information. Hey, I'll go look at all your SharePoint documents, your Google Drive documents, your Slack documents. I'll do RAG, Retrieval Augmented Generation, on that. But there's so much data that can't be answered from a pre-written document that is queried and analyzed and joined. And that's why cortex analysis is so important, and also why, from a snowflake perspective, we put a lot of blood, sweat, and tears into making this thing incredibly accurate and performant. Now powering, and what helps us get to this high level of accuracy, is that we need to understand the business semantics in your organization. I showed you briefly in the demo. To get the product sales data, the actual table that had that was called, whatever, AuraDNorm2 or something. That's incredibly common, even inside of Snowflake. If I go poke through the data object explorer, I'm gonna see hundreds of tables. They're all named completely terrible things. The column names are like three random letters, underscore rev, underscore V2. Is there a V3 revenue? I don't know. I guess I'm going to use this one for revenue. The semantic view is where you can capture and codify. Many of these capabilities to capture things in your business like synonyms. Maybe in my data I have something called revenue, but a business stakeholder might call that profit or sales. The semantic view is where I can capture and say, by the way, sometimes they might say revenue, sometimes they may say profit, sometimes they say sales. It allows you to capture thing like verified queries. I didn't show this in the demo just barely, but if we went back to Snowflake Intelligence, you would see that in some cases it would provide for me a little green shield. And what that green shield means is, hey, someone in your organization said that for this type of question, this is the source of truth way to get the answer. I always like to think of, you know, I will buy anyone here a $10 gift card to Starbucks if you tell me you don't have two divisions in your organization who don't a different definition of customer or revenue. It's very inconsistent. You ask 10 humans what is revenue in the last six months or how many customers, and you'll get ten different answers. But semantic view is where you can say, at least for these agents, this is our source of truth. Now, creating this is incredibly important. In fact, one of the biggest action items I would tell for everyone in this room as you're on this journey to unlock AI is that you should be actively figuring out how to get a good semantic representation of your data. Because the better your semantic representation, the better we can light up all these AI experiences on top of it. Now, this does take effort, part of it is the human organizational effort of figuring out what is the right definition for revenue, but the other part is just capturing it all. So we've spent a ton of time to make this super easy, and you're going to see even more. This is the first preview I'm going to give you. If you pay attention over the next few weeks and months, we're going put a ton of energy to automatically try to create semantic views for you. I'll demo this in a second. But one of the capabilities here is like an autopilot-like capability for the semantic model. What I mean by this is there's a lot of data that we can use to help generate the right business semantics. That could be maybe you've already created some Tableau dashboards. If you have a Tableau dashboard that says customers, new customers over the last six months as one of the charts, well, we can look at that and we can know, okay, well I guess this is what they mean for customers and this is where they mean new customers because they've already built a dashboard that If you have a query history, we'll look at the query history and we'll be like, oh, you often like to merge or join new customers with this marketing data. So there must be some relationship between these data sets because we see you often join them together. You'll see us continue to add to that. One of the things I'm very excited that's gonna light up here soon is PDF documents. I know if you join Snowflake on our data team as a data scientist, we have a bunch of documentation that we give you as you're onboarding. Here's all the different tables we have. Here's some of how we organize it. Well, you can onboard your semantic model as well. Upload those same documents, and we'll use AI across all of these things to automatically craft for you a really strong starting point so that you can take away a lot of the effort required in the semantic view. And even better. Once you get that starting point, you can say, here's 20 questions that I want to make sure you can answer. And we will automatically go and iterate over a few hours and incrementally and automatically improve your model till we can get high accuracy on the questions that you tell us about. A long way of saying, we want to make this easy for everyone in this incredibly important layer. There's even more sessions this week around semantic views. I'd recommend paying attention and joining those where you can, because it's such a critical part of the strategy. Now, for unstructured data, it's a different technology stack. The challenge here isn't generating the best sequel for the right question. The challenge in surfacing something like a Slack conversation is there's thousands of Slack conversations that might be happening. Which conversations are the most relevant to the question that Jeff is asking right now? So the platform capability that makes this possible is core text search. Now similarly, because this is part of retrieving the right context, hugely important for Snowflake. So, we put a lot of energy into this and we're super excited about both the embedding model that we use to derive meaning, the hybrid search that powers this. It's both a combination of semantic search and keyword search and the performance that makes this possible. I'm always blown away. I send in a question and within milliseconds, it will give me the most relevant chunks of text for my question. So, Snowflake Intelligence is calling this behind the scenes. Just no cortex searches there. And all of these things, by the way. Everything that I'm talking through. You can use directly, you can use outside of Snowflake Intelligence. You can connect to your own Streamlit app or first-party agent app or whatever else, or you can us them all combined with Snowflak Intelligence. Now again on the search side. We know for many organizations unstructured data text data used to be something that you didn't spend as much energy on as a data team because it was so hard to derive value from it but that's changing in the world of AI so we want to make it super easy to pull in data especially from these newer unstructured. Data sources so this is showing some of the connectors through snowflakes open flow so open flow provides this platform you might remember you saw a demo today where we were connecting to share point data. There's a bunch of data sources that will help you automatically connect to and start to ingest so that you can connect them to things like Snowflake Intelligence and CoreTech Search. And this list is only growing over the next few months. So we're really focused heavily on providing so many different data sources for you to easily light up within your organization. Because again, if I think about Snowflak Intelligence and agents, these are all apps that I don't have to jump between as a business user before I get insights. Now, extended this even more includes the Snowflake Marketplace. So in addition to just having data shares in the marketplace, you'll start to see many of these data shares will include a semantic view with the data. So if you want to pull in data from a marketplace, it will be AI ready as soon as you pull it in from the marketplace. In addition, there are specific ones for knowledge extensions on any agent that you're building, including Snowflak Intelligent, from things like Stack Overflow, the Associated Press, USA Today, even snowflake documentation. Internally, for our sales team, we've connected one of our agents so that it can look up things about Snowflake Docs. So if I want to know what's the easiest way to create an iceberg table in Amazon, it pulls from the Doc agent and lets me know right there. Now, all of this is in service of trying to show actions. It's not just about the context and building a great conversational experience. So there's just a bunch of other great features that we've tried to layer into Snowflak Intelligence. I can upload files. So if I have additional context, maybe PDFs or email attachments that I want to include in my conversation, even outside of the data itself, that's possible. You saw in action this deep analysis, this deep research style flow where it can go and execute many queries on your behalf. We're very soon to lighting up web search. So if you want to enable this for an agent, you can say, hey, go ahead and look at the web for additional context that might help you in answering this thing. And you can extend any agent today using custom tools and custom code. So whether you want your agent to be able to interact with other agents, read or update other records, you can easily extend with custom code through custom tools. We have a lot more coming. So there's a ton coming on the capabilities that Snowflake Intelligence can do out of the box. Now, in the UI itself, there's a few things we want to make easy. Automatically, the agent will help choose the best data source for the right question. But we do have features to let users specifically choose a specific data set. So maybe they're asking a question and they know that the answer is in confluence. They don't really want the agent to have to think through that and figure it out on its own. They can automatically choose and select that data source to help answer their questions. We'll keep a record of your conversation history, both for the individual user. And administrators can also see a record of conversations that have happened against their agent and monitor the accuracy of those conversations to continue to improve it. And then there's things like thumbs up and thumbs down, so that if a user does get an answer, or maybe they want to request a new feature, a new data source, we put that right into the interface. And those signals don't come to us at Snowflake. All of your data stays in your account. Those signals go to you as the builders, as the administrators, so that you can understand What's the feedback you're getting for your data set? It's an important thing to know. All of the things that are happening in Snowflake Intelligence are in your Snowflak account. Everything is personalized to you. We're not training based on any of your conversations and any optimizations that we do, like using feedback. We only do it based on only your data. So we can provide that guarantee of trust and governance. Speaking of which, let's talk a little bit about trust before I've got one more demo, and then we'll try to make this a bit real with a few scenarios. So there's a few dimensions, as I mentioned, to how we're trying to work on trust and trust features. So one I mentioned before is the ability to see if a query is coming from a verified query. This is a really useful signal to teams to know, okay, I can trust this answer, this came from something that my data team has certified as the right answer. You can define as many of those verified queries as you want. We'll also expose features so that the agent itself can help explain how it got an answer. Maybe I'm asking a question like, how many new customers did I get in the last month? It's possible that there's some nuance in that question. So if you want, the agent will say, okay, this is how I defined a customer and even help the business user know, of course through SQL, but for many users, they might not understand the SQL, through natural language, understand where that feedback is coming from. And then I mentioned the ability to signal feedback back to the admins as well. Now a big part of this is Snowflake access controls. So all of the access controls are honored. I mentioned we've been using Snowflak Intelligence internally. One data set that we have Snowflack Intelligence connected to is Salesforce. So our sales team can use intelligence to help them in meetings with all of you. Now it's important though in Snowflac, not every salesperson has access to every single record in Salesforce. There's specific entitlements for specific accounts. But we've set that up by leveraging Snowflake's already existing governance features. We've synced the Snowflakes RBAC with Snowflak row access policies so that if you are a salesperson and you only have access to sales accounts in the west of the United States, you're only getting those records returned and communicated through the agent automatically. We're even rolling out now in private preview the ability to have those same type of enforcements on the unstructured side. So imagine you have specific Google Docs or Slack conversations, where you name it. The ability to so that only the relevant snippets that I have permission to are surfaced back to the agent. And all of this credential mapping, one of the big selling points of Snowflake Intelligence, is that this is fully managed for you out of the platform. This is a huge task any time you're building an agent. How do you map Jeff's user permissions to the data behind the scenes? And we do not want you to have to replicate that. We want you have one source of truth. And be able to have that enforced automatically, not replicated, and that's what we do through Snowflake Intelligence to manage it all in one spot. Now, observability is huge here. We know from the get-go, your agents aren't going to be perfect. In fact, in a second, I'll give you some advice as you roll this out or think through making this real, how to sequence this. And that's okay, it's iterative, it is a journey, but we want to give you the signals you need so you can act smarter on how to improve and where to improve. So as part of this is explaining, and through observability, different elements of your interaction. Through some of the LLM observability features of Snowflake, that includes getting AI judged scores for things like, how relevant is the answer that I gave Jeff to the question that he gave? Or how relevant was the data that was retrieved for Jeff to the questions? Groundedness, which can help detect things like hallucinations. We always try to look up data to base and back any answers to that Snowflake Intelligence is providing. Is your agent using that data it's looking up in the answer or is it making up some of its own text? That groundedness score can be a huge indicator where we're able to detect where some drift might be happening so that you can act on it. You can even go through and understand, okay, Jeff gave a thumbs down to this question, why did the agent give Jeff this answer to begin with? Because there's so many variables. Did it go to the right data source? Did it get the right date? Once it had the right dated, did it give the right answer? We'll give you those traces. You can see here this middle section where you can actually follow along the train of thought that the agent went through to land on a specific answer so that you can make optimizations either in the semantic layer or in the instruction set or wherever to make those improvements. I'm going to jump through these ones pretty quickly. Let's actually go to the demo. And then we'll make it real here in a second. So I just want to show off some of the administration capabilities if we want to switch here to my dashboard here. The first one is just in the semantic model piece. So here, oh, it looks like my monitor went to sleep and I stopped sharing. Let me mirror this again. Hold on. One second. Not extend, I want to mirror. Okay, great. So here I am in Cortex Analyst, and this is where I can create a new semantic view. So I'm going to give this a name, and I mentioned one of the really powerful things here is that I can provide various parts of context. So whether I have SQL queries, I mentioned PDF documents, which is coming soon, or I have some of those Tableau dashboards. Let's go ahead and choose, I think it's in this database that I have a some Tableau dashboard files that I uploaded ahead of time. I can add this, which has context that we can use to make this smarter. You'll see even automatically here it's looked at my tableau files and it's automatically selected. Here's a bunch of the tables that we already know that you care about from those dashboard files that I uploaded and the columns that it cares about. And then we want to make it really easy to optimize this. For instance, one of the patterns that makes snowflake cortex analysts really powerful is that we can integrate with search. So look at this column name here, which is customer name. This is super common. What happens when a business user says, what's happening with Jeff? And they just say, Jeff, well, maybe in the data, I have my full name, Jeff Holland. But I just said, Jeff. How does the agent know what Jeff maps to in the day? When I just use this feature to integrate Cortex Search, we will create an index on that column. So the very first thing the agent will do, and incredibly fast, is it will be like, how many Jeffs are there in this column? And if there's only Jeff Holland, then it will know, oh, I must have meant Jeff Holland. If there's lots, it can use that data to either clarify with the user, or write across all of the Jeffs, whatever I want to instruct it to do. So, this automatically is saying, hey, here's some columns you have that it looks like have a bit of ambiguity. If you want us to create a search index to make this more accurate, just do it for me. So, I'm going to say, yeah, let's do it. And right now, you can see it's ingesting those Tableau dashboard files. It's understanding existing relationships and metrics that exist. And it's using all of this data to create for me this starting point semantic view based on my data. You'll see here now it's looking at my query history and it's seeing where am I doing joins on this data. It's creating those Cortex search services for me. So in here in just a few seconds, again, it's not going to be perfect from the get-go, but it's going to a really useful starting point. In the more context that I can give Snowflake Intelligence and Cortex Analyst, the better this will get. Now for the sake of time, I'm going to jump through this a little bit quickly. You'll here it's even giving me some suggestions on how I can make this better. If I go through these various suggestions, this is the button that I love. This is start optimization. So I could go through the suggestions and make my stuff a little bit better. It's asking me if I want to add some potential verified queries. Like, hey, is this the right way to create the most recent events in North America? Once I go three suggestions, I can start optimizations. Now this will kick off a process that can take an hour or two. So it'll send me an email when it's done. But what happens is it's going to look at those set of sample ideal golden set questions that I gave it. And it will automatically iterate to improve my semantic model. So I ran this one ahead of time. I started with a semantic view that was 63% accurate. So all of the questions that wanted to answer, it could get it right 63% of the time. After using AI to iterate on this for an hour or two, it got to 93%. It updated 189 lines in my semantic view, which saves me about five hours of time. And I can even see some of the things that it did. Like for instance, previously if I wanted to know what are total sales for rock music, it wouldn't know because it didn't know what rock was. But now with the new and improved model, it knows the right query for this. So again, we're just trying to make this super easy for you to get started with. The last thing I'll show here is in creating the agent. So once I have my semantic views and my data ready to go, this is where inside of Snowflake, I can actually define what an agent is. So let's create one quickly here I'm going to create an agent that's connected to some sales data so I'm gonna call this whatever Jeff's live oh Jeff's alive demo and the display name I don't know let's do something fun please please work. Just a quick offering to the demo gods so here so far so good this is where I can now start to define my agent I could start to interact with it right now but I haven't really done much I haven't t had any added any data sets. So let's go here to the tools, and let's start to add some of the data sets. So with Cortex Analyst, this is where I can start to select some of those semantic views. So I know I have some sales data here. So I'll go ahead and choose in my database this sales data that I already have. We'll use data assistant data. That's fine. I can even tell it the warehouse I want it to use if it's ever executing queries. Similarly, I can add any unstructured text that I have. So customer interactions. Is another service that I've already set up ahead of time. So I'll just connect to that Cortex Search service. I'll let it know the column that I have for ID, the column I want it to use for titles for sentations, any filters on this data that I want to define globally. You'll see here this is where I can do things like enable or disable web search, or add custom tools if I want to give it the ability to call custom code. Now I can continue to customize my agent, including things like choosing the model that it's using behind the scenes to do orchestration, or give it some custom planning instructions. This is super useful if I want to tell it things like, you know, whenever possible, generate a chart, or our fiscal year calendar is X, Y, Z, and here's some information that might know. Whatever I want do to help this in breaking down complex queries, I can do this here. And then, finally, I can control who has access to this. Because I might not want this agent to be available to everyone in my organization. Maybe I only want this to be able to people who have this specific role. So I can choose which roles this has access too. And this is a feature that I love. Even verify that if somebody in this role wanted to access this agent, that they have the necessary permissions to access at least the basic data sets. So I could do all this, I could save it and start to experiment. And so, hopefully, you get the idea of, again, through no code at all. How quickly I can go to building a brand new agent that will show up, at least for some of my users, in my profile. Okay, so we only have about 10 minutes left, so if we jump back to slides, this is where I want to help make this a bit real. And let's talk about some best practices before we wrap up. So I'm super excited to invite onto the Sage Summit. Summit's been working with my team for the last few months in building Snowflake Intelligence and rolling this out. So I want him to be able to share a little bit of what they've learned and how they're using this, and then we'll wrap this up with some roadmap. So go for it, Summit. 

**Speaker 2** \[00:36:48\] Thank you, Jeff. All right. Give it to Jeff. All right\! All right, guys, fantastic session so far. Now, how many of you have seen this movie, Interstellar? All right, you remember the concept of transposing? OK, transposing is basically the concept of moving information across space and time. Now, might sound alien, right, like the movie, but it's real now with Snowflake Intelligence. So the idea is, just like what Jeff was explaining in the past, I mean, back in the day. I mean, we've been doing text to SQL for a while, which is Cortex Analyst. We've been going retrieval augmented generation for a While, again, Cortex Search. We've also been doing some form of reasoning, research, all of that, through a variety of models that have been available in the Snowflake ecosystem. Now, how does Snowflakes Intelligence come in and change this? Basically, it brings everything together. And the idea here is that you take everything that was built in these simple, small pieces, the tasks that we used to do, and bring them together for a persona, for a user, for a role, to be able to do a specific job. Now, if you look at the individual pieces, they're great at doing technical or delivering technical outputs. For example, your Cortex Analyst is great at creating SQL statements. And similarly for Cortex Search for RAG. But if you look at the business outcome. I mean, up until now, you had to try Cortex Analyst, run a sequel, get some answers, go to rack on the unstructured, then go to reasoning, and bring everything together, and then basically connect the dots as a business user to make sense out of it. Now imagine, you have, and what Jeff showed you just a few minutes ago, an AI agent, which is actually built on multiple Cortex analyst agents internally, multiple Cortext search agents internally and possibly reasoning and research. Calling tools and APIs, all of that in one singular interface. So basically, now you're going from this technical output that you were getting earlier to a business outcome for your end users directly. It basically helps your business users. Get to the end goal of consuming the data firsthand. And I think that that's basically the transposing, right? Basically, all this thing was possible back in the day as well, but you are now bypassing those steps and be able to get to end goal much faster. So Kibbe is a, I work for a company called Kibbee.ai and Kibbi has been in business for four years. We're a Snowflake elite partner and we work with a lot of Snowflakes customers who are looking to... Consume or get the most out of their structured, unstructured, semi-structured data. And most of the times, again, I come from technology, just like Jeff and most of you here, we tend to work with technical audiences, right? I mean, most of times it's the CIO group or the CTO group, and well, with all fair intentions, but we are a little far away from the business users. So what happens is we start with the data understanding or the semantic layer, but we don't know sometimes what questions would be asked, what kind of personalization would be required, What kind of user experience or expectation of a persona? Every chatbot has a persona, right? What is a persona expectation that these end users have? So what I recommend is, you know, whenever we look at these kind of chatbots or agents, we look them from a business standpoint and see how that can help us. And then at Kibbe, we are seeing a very interesting shift in the last, I think, few months, ever since... The Text2SQL and Cortex space has grown big. One thing is, back in the day, customers were, it was all about descriptive analytics. Tell me what happened, right? And Text2 SQL does that great. You can do very pointed, very specific questions. It will give you a great answer. 90% accuracy or 90% plus is actually true. And it can give you great specifics, which is very quantitative. Now, if you have to go from a quantitative analysis to a qualitative analysis, if you have to go from descriptive to diagnostic, that's when you go to the agents. Because the agents can actually take all of that structure and unstructured data, and remember, structured gives you... Quantitative stuff, and many times the unstructured data adds the qualitative aspect on top of it. So that actually does a lot of magic for our customers, and it helps reason, it helps break that... You know, artificial wallet becomes more human. You can talk to it like you're talking to a human. Really makes a big, big, big difference in user adoption. So if you look at the end users, which is basically business people, sales, marketing, HR, whatever Jeff showed in the past, those people are so non-technical. They would not ask a very pointed question that would generate exactly the right SQL most of the times. They would ask general questions like how many, they don't care how many Jeffs are there in the system. So it is on the system to figure out the next step. So that's what I would say. I mean, that's the transposing and that's how the interstellar reference comes into the picture. 

**Speaker 1** \[00:42:12\] I love the Framing Summit, and quickly before we wrap up too, you've helped work with my team and with a few Snowflake customers already in taking this type of a journey. If you were to give advice to anyone here, what would you advise people to pay attention to as they're starting this journey into agentic AI? 

**Speaker 2** \[00:42:26\] Awesome. If you have already gotten your data into Snowflake, you're halfway there. So let's put that straight. But with 50 Plus, talk to the data use cases that we have worked on across the customers. I think the biggest learning is bring your end users, your consumers of the data. Into the life cycle of development as early as possible. Let them try it out from day one. Let them see there is a very cool feature of ground truth validation in Snowflake Intelligence. That is the key to giving the right answer. If you don't involve the right users early in the game, you might not give them the right value out of it, and then the trust breaks very quickly, and once the trust break it's difficult to establish back. And one other thing is the end users... Even though, let's take an example of sales data or marketing data, right? Now sales and marketing, you might have it together. When the sales team is talking to that data, their expectation of answers will be very quantitative, for example. And when the marketing team is starting to do the same data, they might want to understand the qualitative aspect of how did my marketing campaigns help get us in certain directions or help it in a positive or negative way. There's a lot of sentiment attached to it. So then two different personas. Talking to the same data can have different expectations. And to match those expectations, let's say the marketing team uses HubSpot. And they want to integrate with HubSpots, you want to give them an API. Salespeople like Slack, for example. You want to get them an app for Slack. And some other persona is happy with Streamlit. So it's basically all different personas, all different audiences that you're serving, they may have a different way to consume it. You want to meet them where they are. You don't want them to come to you as a development team or a technical team. So that's my suggestion. Bring the end users early. Perfect. 

**Speaker 1** \[00:44:13\] Thank you, Summit, so much. I really appreciate you coming up on stage. We'll just wrap this up in the last minute or so. There's just two quick slides that I want to show very quickly. One of them will be Roadmap as well. So Summit covered many of these as well, just as I've worked over the last few months, even as we rolled this out internally. There's a few best practices I want to go over very quickly in a few seconds. The first. To the point before, as you think about building agents, the best agents have a combination of a business owner and a data owner working collaboratively together to understand and making sure that the definitions of things like the semantic fuse are valid. Start small. You do not have to have an agent that does everything from the get-go. Find a very valuable use case. Maybe it's customer support, maybe it's new customer signs up. Start small, semantic model, I've already hit so many times, is such an important place to make your agents better. Bigger is not always better either. Sometimes having a few smaller semantic views that the agent can talk between is better than cramming everything into one massive semantic view. Make sure that you have some quality benchmarks, that you your own golden data set so that you're able to monitor it over time. And then again, bring those user in early. Start with a pilot. Potentially start with users who understand the difference between good answers and slightly inaccurate answers. Tune it and roll that out more. We've seen a ton of success there. In the last few seconds, just from a roadmap perspective, obviously the number one priority is getting this to public preview and GA across all clouds. But there's a few things that you'll see lining up here in the next few weeks and months. Things like integration with MCP and agent to agent to make it even easier to add new capabilities and agents to and from your agents. Making sure that you can bring all the goodness that you saw with Snowflake Intelligence into interfaces like Slack and Teams to meet your teams where they might already be. The ability to share and save and. Collaborate on insights that you're getting, like charts and tables, and finally, continue to improve with that set of connectors so that we make it really easy to pull in access from different data sources. So we covered a ton. Thank you all so much for coming. I only have a few minutes. Yeah, thank you. I'll hang out here for a few moments. If you have any questions, I'll help with what I can. And if not, there's a value village. You'll see a Snowflake Intelligence booth there. We've got the team there all awake. Thank you so much coming. Have a great rest of your week.   
